<languages/><translate> A Material is an [asset](Asset "wikilink") type
used for rendering visuals in Resonite. The type of material and its
properties determine the look of the object and how it interacts with
lighting in the scene.

Materials can be represented as physical objects called **Material
Orbs**, which can be loaded into the [Material
Gun](Material_Gun "wikilink"), dropped over inspector or placed into
various [virtual devices](Virtual_Device "wikilink"). Material Orbs are
only a visual representation and aren't necessary for the Material to
function.

Each Material acts like any other Component but is driven by an
underlying Shader. Each material contains a unique shader and a list of
properties that can be modified. By editing a Material's properties, you
can change the look and feel of your objects within Resonite. Resonite
has a large variety of Material types which are listed below.

## Custom Materials / Shaders

Resonite currently does not support custom Shaders. This feature is on
Resonite' Roadmap and can be [tracked on
GitHub](https://github.com/Frooxius/ResonitePublic/projects/1#card-35344852).
While you're waiting for custom Shaders, try out Resonite' existing
Shaders which can achieve most visual effects when combined with
Components and Protoflux.

## Material Documentation

For most setups Resonite uses a lot of standard shaders with some custom
ones requested by the community, if you want any sort of documentation,
using this here would be ideal until a more custom renderer is fleshed
out.
<https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.render-pipelines.universal@7.1/manual/shading-model.html>

### Material Specific Information

-   [Color Splat Materials](Color_Splat_Materials "wikilink") -
    Information on how Color Splat Materials work and how to use them.
-   [Channel Packing](Channel_Packing "wikilink") - General Information
    on how Channel Packing works within Materials.

## Creating New Materials

<youtube><https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WhkoJaPk9AU></youtube>

## List of Materials

For a list of material types see
[:Category:Materials](:Category:Materials "wikilink") </translate>