<languages/> As Resonite allows you to import many types of assets,
directly from your computer it can be unclear what formats are
supported. This page, presents a list of Supported formats for various
types of Assets. It is not intended to show you how to import these
assets or how to manipulate them. Please see the related pages section
for links to articles that do cover these items.

**THIS LIST IS A WORK IN PROGRESS AND NOT COMPLETE**

-   [Image Formats](Image_Import "wikilink")
-   [3D Model Formats](3D_Model_Import "wikilink")

# Text

Plain text files encoded in UTF-8 are supported for import. When
imported, the contents of the text file are viewable in a text box.
Files supporting this format will show up in the file browser as light
red.

## Supported file extensions

-   .txt

# Font

Fonts are supported for import. Files supporting this format do not have
an assigned color, so they will show up as grey.

## Supported file extensions

-   .ttf
-   .otf
-   .woff

# Audio

Resonite uses the [cscore](https://github.com/Resonite-Metaverse/cscore)
library for playing other multimedia formats such as audio. The audio
subsystem of Resonite supports less formats but is more stable than the
general multimedia subsystem. Files supporting this format will show up
in the file browser as light blue.

## Supported file extensions

-   .wav
-   .ogg
-   .flac

## Container formats

-   RIFF/WAV
-   Ogg

## Codecs

-   PCM
-   Vorbis
-   FLAC

# General multimedia

Resonite uses the
[UMP](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/video/ump-win-mac-linux-webgl-49625)
library for playing other multimedia formats such as video and audio.
Files supporting this format will show up in the file browser as light
purple.

## Supported file extensions

-   .3gp
-   .aac
-   .ac3
-   .ape
-   .avi
-   .flv
-   .m4a
-   .mka
-   .mkv
-   .mov
-   .mp2
-   .mp3
-   .mp4
-   .webm

## Container formats

-   adaptive
-   aiff
-   asf
-   au
-   avi
-   caf
-   demux_cdg
-   demux_chromecast
-   demux_stl
-   demuxdump
-   diracsys
-   directory_demux
-   es
-   flacsys
-   gme
-   h26x
-   image
-   mjpeg
-   mkv
-   mod
-   mp4
-   mpc
-   mpgv
-   noseek
-   nsc
-   nsv
-   nuv
-   ogg
-   playlist
-   ps
-   pva
-   rawaud
-   rawdv
-   rawvid
-   real
-   sid
-   smf
-   subtitle
-   ts
-   tta
-   ty
-   vc1
-   vobsub
-   voc
-   wav
-   xa

## Codecs

-   a52
-   adpcm
-   aes3
-   aom
-   araw
-   aribsub
-   avcodec
-   cc
-   cdg
-   crystalhd
-   cvdsub
-   d3d11va
-   dav1d
-   dca
-   ddummy
-   dmo
-   dvbsub
-   dxva2
-   edummy
-   faad
-   flac
-   fluidsynth
-   g711
-   jpeg
-   kate
-   libass
-   libmpeg2
-   lpcm
-   mft
-   mpg123
-   oggspots
-   opus
-   png
-   qsv
-   rawvideo
-   rtpvideo
-   schroedinger
-   scte18
-   scte27
-   sdl_image
-   spdif
-   speex
-   spudec
-   stl
-   subsdec
-   substx3g
-   subsusf
-   svcdsub
-   t140
-   textst
-   theora
-   ttml
-   twolame
-   uleaddvaudio
-   vorbis
-   vpx
-   webvtt
-   x26410b
-   x264
-   x265
-   zvbi

# Resonite Datamodel

Resonite datamodel files are compressed with either LZMA or LZ4 and
serialized in the BSON format. These files do not contain any referenced
assets such as meshes and textures.

## Supported file extensions

-   .7zbson
-   .lz4bson

# Raw

Raw files are supported for import. An unhandled file extension will
import as a raw file by default. A handled file can be imported as a raw
file by clicking the orange file icon in the File Browser. Raw files are
not converted in any way when exporting from Resonite.

## Supported file extensions

-   .\*