<languages></languages>

The **Dynamic Impulse Receiver With Value\`1** node fires an impulse
whenever a [Dynamic Impulse Trigger With
Value\`1](Dynamic_Impulse_Trigger_With_Value`1_(Protoflux_node) "wikilink")
is triggered and the receiver node is present under the trigger's
`TargetHierarchy`. This will only occur if the `Tag` string inputs of
the trigger and receiver are identical. The `Value` output by the
receiver node is equal to the `Value` input of the trigger node at the
moment it was triggered.

## Usage

Note that the tag system for dynamic impulse triggers / receivers is
completely unrelated to slot tag properties. This node will only respond
to Dynamic Impulse Trigger With Value\`1 nodes with identical `Value`
datatypes - it ignores dynamic impulses from [Dynamic Impulse
Trigger](Dynamic_Impulse_Trigger_(Protoflux_node) "wikilink") nodes or
Dynamic Impulse Trigger With Value\`1 nodes with different `Value`
datatypes. The output `Value` is only equal to the `Value` input from
the trigger for the duration of the impulse chain started from the
receiver `Impulse` output.

When spawning this node from the node browswer there is a selection of
possible datatypes for this node. See this tutorial by ProbablePrime for
how to create receiver nodes for other data types.
<youtube><https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3j4FGONxfWk></youtube>

## Examples

ProbablePrime has a tutorial on dynamic impulses:
<youtube><https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6A0GQ4iABfY></youtube>

## Node Menu

[Dynamic Impulse Receiver With
Value\`1](Category:Protoflux{{#translation:}} "wikilink") [Dynamic
Impulse Receiver With
Value\`1](Category:Protoflux:Flow{{#translation:}} "wikilink")